README.md, before:

# Xygeni

# Protect the integrity and security of your software assets, pipelines and infrastructure

[Xygeni](https://xygeni.io/?utm_source=jenkins&utm_medium=marketplace)  seamlessly evaluates the security posture of every asset of your Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC). It offers automated asset discovery and a comprehensive inventory, ensuring total transparency over your software projects. Cataloguing all artefacts, resources, and dependencies aids in making informed decisions for asset protection and implementing preventive and mitigative strategies.

Stay proactive with Xygeni's integrated anomaly detection. This feature safeguards your business operations by identifying unusual patterns that indicate emerging threats. Our code tampering prevention ensures the integrity of critical pipelines and files, and enforces security and build procedures. Additionally, Xygeni allows you to proactively identify risky or suspicious user actions, providing automated real-time alerts.

## Global and project security posture

Assess the security posture of all of the components in your SDLC effortlessly using the automatic inventory and assessment capabilities of Xygeni. 

![docs/images/xygeni-sec-posture.png](docs/images/xygeni-sec-posture.png)

## Prevention and remediation

Systematically prevent and remediate risks everywhere in the Software Supply Chain, including open-source packages, pipelines, artefacts, runtime assets and infrastructure.

![docs/images/xygeni-prevention.png](docs/images/xygeni-prevention.png)

## Attack Detection
Integrating anomaly detection is a proactive measure to safeguard your business operations by identifying unusual patterns indicating emerging threats.
![docs/images/xygeni-unusual-activity.png](docs/images/xygeni-unusual-activity.png)

# Key features
Xygeni streamlines security processes, improves collaboration, and provides detailed reporting for effective software supply chain security management. It offers a range of essential features, including:

- **Identifying and tracking all components in software projects** to enhance security visibility and control.
- **Continuously scanning and assessing components and dependencies** for vulnerabilities and anomalies.
- **Prioritizing and supporting teams in efficiently remediating** software supply chain issues. Offering remediation support capabilities and **integration with ticketing tools**.
- Offering **advanced reporting capabilities** for tracking and monitoring changes and progress.

# Pre-Requisites
Please note that to utilize this plugin, a license of Xygeni Platform is required. You can easily request your license on our contact page. Dive in and experience the next level of efficiency!

# Contact us
Get in touch today! [Book a demo](https://xygeni.io/book-a-demo?utm_source=jenkins&utm_medium=marketplace) and let us know how we can help you.

Commit message:

Update to jenkins version 2.387.2 Add installation steps to Readme xygeni/DepsDoctor#1089

README.md, after:

&emsp;&emsp; ![Xygeni Logo](docs/images/xygenilogo.png)

# Protect the integrity and security of your software assets, pipelines and infrastructure

[Xygeni](https://xygeni.io/?utm_source=jenkins&utm_medium=marketplace)  seamlessly evaluates the security posture of every asset of your Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC). It offers automated asset discovery and a comprehensive inventory, ensuring total transparency over your software projects. Cataloguing all artefacts, resources, and dependencies aids in making informed decisions for asset protection and implementing preventive and mitigative strategies.

Stay proactive with Xygeni's integrated anomaly detection. This feature safeguards your business operations by identifying unusual patterns that indicate emerging threats. Our code tampering prevention ensures the integrity of critical pipelines and files, and enforces security and build procedures. Additionally, Xygeni allows you to proactively identify risky or suspicious user actions, providing automated real-time alerts.


## Global and project security posture

Assess the security posture of all of the components in your SDLC effortlessly using the automatic inventory and assessment capabilities of Xygeni.

![Security Posture](docs/images/xygeni-sec-posture.png)


## Prevention and remediation

Systematically prevent and remediate risks everywhere in the Software Supply Chain, including open-source packages, pipelines, artefacts, runtime assets and infrastructure.

![docs/images/xygeni-prevention.png](docs/images/xygeni-prevention.png)


## Attack Detection
Integrating anomaly detection is a proactive measure to safeguard your business operations by identifying unusual patterns indicating emerging threats.

![docs/images/xygeni-unusual-activity.png](docs/images/xygeni-unusual-activity.png)


# Key features
Xygeni streamlines security processes, improves collaboration, and provides detailed reporting for effective software supply chain security management. It offers a range of essential features, including:

- **Identifying and tracking all components in software projects** to enhance security visibility and control.
- **Continuously scanning and assessing components and dependencies** for vulnerabilities and anomalies.
- **Prioritizing and supporting teams in efficiently remediating** software supply chain issues. Offering remediation support capabilities and **integration with ticketing tools**.
- Offering **advanced reporting capabilities** for tracking and monitoring changes and progress.


# Pre-Requisites
Please note that to utilize this plugin, a license of Xygeni Platform is required. You can easily request your license on our contact page. Dive in and experience the next level of efficiency!

# Contact us
Get in touch today! [Book a demo](https://xygeni.io/book-a-demo?utm_source=jenkins&utm_medium=marketplace) and let us know how we can help you.


# Installing the plugin

### Requirements:
- Java >= 11
- Jenkins >= 2.387.2

### 1. Set up credentials
- In Jenkins, navigate to `Manage Jenkins > Manage Credentials > System > Global Credentials > Add Credentials`
    * Select `Secret text` as Kind and fill out required information
  ![Global Credentials](docs/images/global_credentials.png)

### 2. Configure Xygeni Sensor plugin settings 
- In Jenkins, navigate to `Manage Jenkins > Configure System > Xigeni Sensor`,
    * Set the `Xygeni Token Credential ID` (generated above).
    * Set the `Xygeni API Url`.
    * Optionally click the `TestToken` button to check url connection and token validity.
    * Click the `Save` button. 
    ![Xygeni Configuration](docs/images/xygeni-config.png)
